iFrame Integration Guide

Integration Checklist

Basic Technical Integration takes place in five steps:

Create your account in the Publisher Dashboard and await a notification email that your account has been approved.
Log in to the Publisher Dashboard and submit your billing information.
Select "Add Application" to add the details of your site and get your Application ID and Application Key.
Add the Peanut Labs iframe code to your website.
Configure your callback script to receive notifications from Peanut Labs.
All of the above can be done in an afternoon or less. If you have questions please don't hesitate to contact us:
publisher.integration@peanutlabs.com

Create your Peanut Labs account and add a new application

If you haven't already created a Peanut Labs account, please do so here:
http://www.peanutlabs.com/publisher

You will be asked for company details while creating your account. Many fields may be completed later. Once the account is created, it's time to add a new application.

When you've logged-in to a newly created account, it should look something like this. Click "Add Application":



In the My Apps section, click "Add Application" to add an app to our system:



On the Add Application screen you have several values you need to configure:



Before you can hit the "Next" button, you'll need to enter an Application Name, enter your application URL, name your virtual currency, set your virtual-currency-to-USD exchange rate, and set an optional Screenout Reward (0 must be entered if you do not want to give users a small reward for disqualifying from a survey).

Application Name - This is the name of your application in our system. It is for internal use only, users will not see this name.
Enter the URL of your site - This is where we can go to see our iFrame placement. Users will not be able to see this.
Currency Name - The display name for your virtual currency. This name will be listed everywhere in our system where we refer to the value of a transaction.
Exchange Rate - How many points is a dollar worth? Currency rewards to your users will always be integers (positive for a successful transaction, negative if a transaction must be reversed). However, your net revenue is a floating point value. This means a higher exchange rate will reduce the rounding error when we convert your net revenue to an integer for the currency reward. Confused? It's a common question; the virtual currency rewarded to the user follows this formula:
Currency Reward = Your Net Revenue * Your Currency Exchange Rate
Screenout Reward - Our surveys typically have an extra round of checks to make sure a user is qualified and a member of the target research demographic. If a user fails this round of checks on a survey they will be taken out of the survey. At your option, you may give users a small currency reward (usually 10 to 20 cents worth) when they are disqualified. This gives users a more positive experience, and usually goes with a higher long term engagement rate. The screenout reward should be set in terms of your virtual currency. So if your currency is called Gems, and you set the screenout reward to 10, then a user disqualified from a survey will get 10 Gems, and will be asked to try again on another survey. Peanut Labs does not pay for this screenout currency, so if you do not want to award it, simply set Screenout Reward to zero.
